Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we will be able to remove item from our wish list.
To do this, we have to go to the provider directory and then the wish list on the score provider file.
And the first step is to create a function.
Over here we are going to create a function by saying void and we are going to call this function remove.
We move which.
Okay.
And over here, we are going to pass something known as ID, which is going to serve as the product
ID.
And we could also specify it is a type of string.
And now we just have to say is to call the on the score.
Least.
Then dots remove where, remove where and remember the elements.
You can see this element as a variable that has access to all the data we have in the underscore least
variable.
So we can basically just rename this or we can say where element.
Element.
Dodds.
Lament Dodd.
So element document ID is equal to this ID.
And now whenever we call this remove, which we then have to pass the value to this variable called
ID, use, control and save.
And lastly, we also have to say notify list in our.
Notify.
Notify listener.
Notify listeners.
Okay.
See all three Staten.
Can this go do this again?
So it's all to predict for us, not notify.
Listeners.
Okay, great.
Now you can try next to save.
And what then we are going to do is.
When we click on this, we want to hand the product to our wish list and when we click on it again,
we want to remove it from our wish list.
To do this, we have to go to the products detail, the detail directory, and then the products detail.
And you can see why we are saying provider that's of provider then of contest.
And over here we are passing the wish list provider to say we want to have access to everything that
is within the wish list provider class.
And you can see over here we are checking if the class document ID is equal to the product ID, then
we want to print.
We want to show a test message to the user, which is going to say item already in cards.
So it hides them already in which list.
Okay.
Now what we can do if the high time is already.
Hadad then we want to be able to remove it.
To do that, we are just going to call the contest.
Contest.
And as you know, you can call the provider.
You can call the provider contest.
And you have to pass list to force.
Right.
So we're just going to call the contest that the treat.
And we have to specify, we want to have access again to the wish list provider and then we can call
that function called remove which and now we have to pass the value to that variable and for the value
is going to be the product ID.
So we're basically saying where the card ID is equal to the product ID.
So to have access to it, we have this variable called product products list.
And product ID.
Okay.
This is basically it helps.
If it has not been harder, then we want to have it.
Okay.
Just control and save.
And I think in the last lecture, I made a mistake.
I changed.
This should be.
Your car is empty and not your wish list.
I think I mistakenly changed this card.
Screen attached to your wish list is empty, so make sure you change us if you made a mistake.
And for the wish list screen.
It should be.
Your wish list is empty.
It's unnecessary.
And let's go check this out now and.
Okay.
Click on this.
I think we have successfully had a dot to our wish list and go to the profile screen and then which
list we can see the via.
And now let's click on it again to get rid of it.
Okay.
Click on it again.
This should get rid of that tab.
Okay.
Your wish list is empty.
Since school.
Okay.
Let's try to add multiple items.
So I wish list to make sure everything is working as expected.
Okay.
About this.
And this.
And let's go check it out.
In which this sounds cool.
And let's see if you can remove just one.
Okay.
Click on this and get rid of it.
And let's go check.
Okay.
Gone.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.